README.md, before:

distrap/library
==============

Research library of the DistRap project.

Inspired by [##dependent library](https://github.com/dpndnt/library)

[**A**](#A) [**B**](#B) [**C**](#C) [**D**](#D) [**E**](#E) [**F**](#F) [**G**](#G) [**H**](#H) [**I**](#I) [**J**](#J) [**K**](#K) [**L**](#L) [**M**](#M) [**N**](#N) [**O**](#O) [**P**](#P) [**Q**](#Q) [**R**](#R) [**S**](#S) [**T**](#T) [**U**](#U) [**V**](#V) [**W**](#W) [**X**](#X) [**Y**](#Y) [**Z**](#Z)

A
-

B
-

C
_
* P. Cignoni, C. Rocchini, R. Scopigno (1998) [Metro: measuring error on simplified surfaces](doc/metro-1998.pdf)
* K. Crane (2013) (Discrete Differential Geometry: An Applied Introduction)(doc/crane-2013.pdf)

D
_

E
_
* C. Elliot (2017) [Compiling to categories](doc/elliot-2017-compiling-to-categories.pdf)

F
_

G
_

H
_

I
_

J
_

K
_

L
_

M
_

N
_
* C. Nandi (2018) [Functional Programming for Compiling and Decompiling Computer-Aided Design](doc/nandi-2018.pdf)

O
_

P
_

Q
_

R
_

S
_
* R. Sawhney, K.Crane (2020) [Monte Carlo Geometry Processing: A Grid-Free Approach to PDE-Based Methods on Volumetric Domains](doc/sawhney-crane-2020.pdf)
* R. Straub (2007) [Exact Computation of the Hausdorff Distance between Triangular Meshes](doc/straub-2007.pdf)

T
_

U
_

V
_

W
_

X
_

Y
_

Z
_

Commit message:

Add 'An Optimal Algorithm for Computing All Subtree Repeats in Trees'

README.md, after:

distrap/library
==============

Research library of the DistRap project.

Inspired by [##dependent library](https://github.com/dpndnt/library)

[**A**](#A) [**B**](#B) [**C**](#C) [**D**](#D) [**E**](#E) [**F**](#F) [**G**](#G) [**H**](#H) [**I**](#I) [**J**](#J) [**K**](#K) [**L**](#L) [**M**](#M) [**N**](#N) [**O**](#O) [**P**](#P) [**Q**](#Q) [**R**](#R) [**S**](#S) [**T**](#T) [**U**](#U) [**V**](#V) [**W**](#W) [**X**](#X) [**Y**](#Y) [**Z**](#Z)

A
-

B
-

C
_
* P. Cignoni, C. Rocchini, R. Scopigno (1998) [Metro: measuring error on simplified surfaces](doc/metro-1998.pdf)
* K. Crane (2013) (Discrete Differential Geometry: An Applied Introduction)(doc/crane-2013.pdf)

D
_

E
_
* C. Elliot (2017) [Compiling to categories](doc/elliot-2017-compiling-to-categories.pdf)

F
_

* T. Flouri, K. Kobert, S. P. Pissis, A. Stamatakis (2014) [An Optimal Algorithm for Computing All Subtree Repeats in Trees](doc/flouri-2014.pdf)

G
_

H
_

I
_

J
_

K
_

L
_

M
_

N
_
* C. Nandi (2018) [Functional Programming for Compiling and Decompiling Computer-Aided Design](doc/nandi-2018.pdf)

O
_

P
_

Q
_

R
_

S
_
* R. Sawhney, K.Crane (2020) [Monte Carlo Geometry Processing: A Grid-Free Approach to PDE-Based Methods on Volumetric Domains](doc/sawhney-crane-2020.pdf)
* R. Straub (2007) [Exact Computation of the Hausdorff Distance between Triangular Meshes](doc/straub-2007.pdf)

T
_

U
_

V
_

W
_

X
_

Y
_

Z
_
